**This is not required reading and if you don't like drama this isn't for you. I'm not a fan of it myself but if I don't write this it'll only stir up more trouble in future. This is also to go on record with my side of the story while I can still remember it in case false allegations are made in future - to the best of my knowledge everything below is true, unless stated otherwise. I have IRC logs, screenshots, and witnesses if someone really feels the need to doubt it.**

You may be aware of a community called [unixhub](http://www.unixhub.net/) which provided a forum for discussion of all things *NIX. This community had an IRC channel, #unixhub. Both these places used to be linked to from the sidebar of /r/unixporn. I never used the forum myself but from what I gather it was fairly active. This forum had a fair few moderators, though I have been unable to reliably establish who was at the top.

About 4 months ago something some users nicknamed "The Great Schism" occurred. What actually happened here is anyone's guess. I tried to find out myself over the past few days but for reasons that will become obvious I've since given up. I'll come back to the two main theories later.

Regardless of the trigger, the community split. Those local to a moderator called Beastie (a.k.a. yrmt) and those loyal to another called NeoTerra went their separate ways and very few stayed on the fence.

As far as I can tell NeoTerra and his group largely went into the shadows. UnixHub died.

Beastie went off and started the [Nixers](http://nixers.net/) forum, carrying on UnixHub by another name. From what I gather this forum is still reasonably active, even getting it's own [subreddit](https://pay.reddit.com/r/wmporn/). Despite this, as I understand there's been some dislike for some of the more "proactive" decisions the mods have made.

Fast forward to the present: I join /r/unixporn as a new moderator. Within 24 hours I get a PM asking me to ban Beastie who I should also mention is now on the r/up mod team. This attracted my attention because I'd also noticed a similar comment when I did the survey a few weeks back. I consulted with another mod (ElTimablo) about what was going on. He told me to come to a private IRC server and not to tell Beastie it's address.

When I got there I found what I would later know as NeoTerra's group. There I was told a story of how NeoTerra had be [doxed](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=doxing) by Beastie who was aiming to gain control of unixhub. Despite NeoTerra doxing back in retaliation the stress got too much for him and he fled. Nixers was born from what was left. ElTimablo was part of Neo's group, and told me that he was planning to ban Beastie for what had happened. I told him that I would fully support him in this. However, I decided I would Pm Beastie on reddit to see if the allegations were true. He denied them and told me to come to the Nixers public IRC server.

When I got there I found the Nixer's community. There I was told a story of how a user called bosko had doxed Beastie, and the others had supported him by spreading lies. By now I was inherently confused about what was actually happening so I got together NeoTerra and a user from Beastie's group called dcat. We talked it out and the up shot of it was that it was that though elements of both were true, it leaned more toward NeoTerra's story.

I then got together with ElTimablo and Beastie to talk about how /r/unixporn could move on as a community from this. We made compromised on both sides. Beastie agreed to shut down /r/wmporn and ElTimablo agreed that Nixers would be r/up's go to forum, and #nixers should be the default IRC as ##unixporn was pretty much dead. From there it was Beastie's job to tell the nixers, ElTimablo's job to tell NeoTerra's group and my job to ready the update for launch.

Then a wiki-article called "The Great Schism" was posted [here](http://wiki.nixers.net/doku.php?id=great_schism) which told a completely different story again, [slandering NeoTerra](http://wiki.nixers.net/lib/exe/fetch.php?t=1400891959&w=500&h=281&tok=39a32d&media=8vyiptz.jpg) and saying that he had tried to steal unixhub from Beastie and the other mods. News of this article reached NeoTerra's group just after we'd told them about unixporn and nixers declaring a truce.

That was when bosko (now known as bwmc) appeared. He posted my phone number, copied my Google+ profile picture and then copy pasted some information from my blog all into the IRC. He then told me that he only lived 50 minutes from where I lived and that if he "could come over and stick [his] dick so far up [my] ass that anyone who could pull it out would be declared King Arthur". I'm not new to the internet, I've received stuff like this before. What bothered me was that I was a neutral party in this, having no prior knowledge. When I asked NeoTerra to kick bosko he basically just told me to go away, so I did. I then went to the Nixers IRC. Bosko was also there (for some reason much everyone's glee) where he declared "r/unixporn dead" which was unfortunately met with more cheers, some being from r/wmporn mods. During my few short days on the IRCs I saw nothing but people unable to move on from the past and more childish humour ("niggas" and "lul kak" anyone?) and drama than I ever want to see again. I closed IRC and vowed never to go to either channel again.

I talked with ElTimablo about what happened next. We've decided to run r/unixporn as a completely independent forum. We replaced the defunct IRC with a new one and removed, r/wmporn, nixers and unixhub from our sidebar. If Beastie keeps to his word and shuts down the sub then we'll add Nixers back as planned. ElTimablo told me that this is exactly what bosko does - he bullies the mods into submission to the point where the stress gets too much and they just quit. Well we're not quitting, but this is an end to the drama. We won't tolerate that sort of behaviour here. **Nixers and those loyal to Neo are both welcome in the unixporn community but the moment anyone starts doxing or bullying another user they're out. No exceptions.**


#### Well.

That was quite emotionally driven, so apologies if you read all the way through. That's exhausted me. I'm hoping that enough of a factual account on my part though that the topic never has to come up again.
